[DependencyInjection] Document `stack` definitions (#17295)
symfony/symfony-docs: service_container/service_decoration.rst

    ``.stack_id.frame_key``.
    From the example above, ``.decorated_foo_stack.1`` would be a reference to
    the inlined ``Baz`` service and ``.decorated_foo_stack.0`` to the embedded
    stack.
    To get more explicit ids, you can give a name to each frame:

    .. configuration-block::

        .. code-block:: yaml

            # ...
            decorated_foo_stack:
                stack:
                    first:
                        parent: embedded_stack
                    second:
                        Baz: ~
                    # ...

        .. code-block:: xml

            <!-- ... -->
            <stack id="decorated_foo_stack">
                <service id="first" parent="embedded_stack"/>
                <service id="second" class="Baz"/>
                <!-- ... -->
            </stack>

        .. code-block:: php

            // ...
            ->stack('decorated_foo_stack', [
                'first' => inline_service()->parent('embedded_stack'),
                'second' => inline_service(\Baz::class),
                // ...
            ])

    The ``Baz`` frame id will now be ``.decorated_foo_stack.second``.

.. versionadded:: 5.1

>     Defining ``stack`` was introduced in Symfony 5.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ability to define a ``stack`` was introduced in Symfony 5.1.
```
?

Author: Done, thanks!
